So the algorithm is supposed to employ a branch and bound algorithm to solve the weighted maximum coverage problem.
The issue that I currently have is that the pseudocode provided by the the satalia 02 paper does not seem to be correct.
The pseudocode and the description in the paper don't even match up.

The weighted maximum coverage problem in the particular problem is to maximize the weight (reward) from the attestations.
This turns out to be an instance of the problem type because the reward is dependentant on the coverage of the attestations
over the validator set.

Notes on Stokes:
Made it to the space via account abstraction. First contribution was done in the open source environment by implementing
some low level calls to facilitate account abstraction.
What he's working on now/finds interesting in the near roadmap:
Shipping blobs to the network/4844. The progress on this is at the client development stage. He works at a a higher level.
Also, interesting in MEV and restaking. Elaborates on the emergent consequences of shipping a protocol and the importance
of considering deeply any changes. Incentive compatibility of highly concentrated MEV players.The MEV-rs library helps a bit
by lowering the barrier to entry to be a builder by providing well documented and efficient implementations.
Most controversial opinion on the space:
Alignment narrative is dangerous because it allows the so called good guys to capture the project. Absolute power corrupts
absolutely. New actors are incentivised to attempt to influence the design of the protocol.
When considering high level protocol changes it is  important to consider threat models and threat actors. Many security
developers work at the EF to fuzz and directly test client security vulnerabilities.
MEV on L2/Rollups:
Lots of innovation on L2. The L1 should be maximally simple because simple is more secure. Rollups should be where the 
experimentation lives. The current model for L2's require a centralized sequencer. We immediately want to consider if
centralized sequencers need to be decentralized. Maybe they don't. As long as the bridge has fraud proofs and the rollup providers
can not rug the users. For each of the sequencers they are likely to have a large mempool.  Design space for MEV is huge.
Fair ordering schemes do not work. They just move the value around.
What is holding back the industry:
Stablecoins are an important use case. Not sure that the holy grail will ever materialize. That is nonbacked Stablecoins.
User facing software is immature. All of the software is immature.
Research is about finding the right questions. Then what are the best solutions.
Builders as banks. They become problematic when a small number of entitites can put pressure on the protocol.
